recommend draining the node before updating kubelet (#43053)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cluster-upgrade.md

that node and then either replace it with a new node that uses the {{< skew currentVersion >}}
kubelet, or upgrade the kubelet on that node and bring the node back into service.

{{< warning >}}
Draining nodes before upgrading kubelet ensures that pods are re-admitted and containers are
re-created which may be necessary to resolve some CVEs or bugs.

> {{</ warning >}}

Reviewer: I would probably use a caution, not a warning. Warnings are for “get this right or you **will** put your cluster at risk” and we use them sparingly.

Reviewer: Try this (or the `caution` equivalent):
```suggestion
{{< warning >}}
Draining nodes before upgrading kubelet ensures that pods are re-admitted and containers are
re-created, which may be necessary to resolve some security issues or other important bugs.
{{</ warning >}}
```

Author: Caution sounds good to me, reworded and changed.
